Update multi-tenancy-and-tenant-configuration.adoc (#1846)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/multi-tenancy-and-tenant-configuration.adoc

= Multi-tenant configuration for a Bonita platform
:description: (Deprecated). One single platform to administrate with multiple logical engines. Described what a Tenant is and how to setup Bonita with Multi-tenancy.

[WARNING]
====

> This feature was deprecated in Bonita 2021.1. This means that Multi-tenant architecture will continue to work in Bonita for existing Bonita subscription customers,

Reviewer: I think there is no need to say 'in 2021.1', you are already on the 2021.1 documentation. 
It is either you are on a deprecated version or not, so just say 'it is deprecated' when it is the case. 

```suggestion
This feature is deprecated. +
This means that Multi-tenant architecture will continue to work in Bonita for existing Bonita subscription customers,
```

but it will not be offered to new customers, nor offered as a modification for existing Bonita subscription customers who are not already using multi-tenancy.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> As mentioned in the release note, Bonita Enterprise customers need a contractual agreement to create additional tenants. For any new tenant creation, any general or contractual question related to Multi-tenancy, please contact your customer success representative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the release note, Bonita Enterprise customers need a contractual agreement to create additional tenants. +
For any new tenant creation, any general or contractual question related to Multi-tenancy, please contact your customer success representative.
```
